feat: add modelz-py docs (#59)
tensorchord/modelz-docs: pages/cli-sdk/deployment.mdx

# Deployment Integration

import { Tabs, Callout, Steps, Cards, Card } from 'nextra/components'

<Cards>
  <Card icon={<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" fill="none" viewBox="0 0 24 24" strokeWidth={1.5} stroke="currentColor" className="w-6 h-6">
  <path strokeLinecap="round" strokeLinejoin="round" d="M9.813 15.904L9 18.75l-.813-2.846a4.5 4.5 0 00-3.09-3.09L2.25 12l2.846-.813a4.5 4.5 0 003.09-3.09L9 5.25l.813 2.846a4.5 4.5 0 003.09 3.09L15.75 12l-2.846.813a4.5 4.5 0 00-3.09 3.09zM18.259 8.715L18 9.75l-.259-1.035a3.375 3.375 0 00-2.455-2.456L14.25 6l1.036-.259a3.375 3.375 0 002.455-2.456L18 2.25l.259 1.035a3.375 3.375 0 002.456 2.456L21.75 6l-1.035.259a3.375 3.375 0 00-2.456 2.456zM16.894 20.567L16.5 21.75l-.394-1.183a2.25 2.25 0 00-1.423-1.423L13.5 18.75l1.183-.394a2.25 2.25 0 001.423-1.423l.394-1.183.394 1.183a2.25 2.25 0 001.423 1.423l1.183.394-1.183.394a2.25 2.25 0 00-1.423 1.423z" /></svg>} title="modelz-py" href="https://github.com/tensorchord/modelz-py" />
</Cards>

<Callout>

>   `modelz-py` ≥ `0.3.4` is required for deployment integration.

Reviewer: New release?

Author: Yes, I would push `0.3.4` today. WDYT.

</Callout>

These are some situations where you might find it's inapproprate to [**deploy by WebUI**](../gettingstarted/deploy):
- You have no desktop environment at all, mostly inside a Linux terminal.
- You want to automate the process of deploy to ModelZ, for example construct a CI/CD pipeline.

> - You want to straightly call ModelZ API and integrete with other tools or platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You want to call ModelZ API directly and integrate with other tools or platforms.
```
